adds contribute image guide (#342)
ZupIT/docs-beagle: content/en/contribute/documentation.md

![](/shared/contribute-pull-request.jpg)

### **Adding images**

> - Images in this documentation are saved at a static folder in our system called shared. To add a new images just copy them to the `static/shared` folder at the project's root folder. From this folder all images are accessible from any page or sub-page in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Images in this documentation are saved at a folder called shared at `/static/shared`. To add new images to the doc just copy them into this folder. From there, all images are accessible from any page or sub-page in the documentation.
```

- To load images on a page use the markdown interface for images (without adding a title) and list the address as `/shared/image-name` as follows:

> ``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
```

> ! [] (/shared/beaglecomp.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![](/shared/beaglecomp.png)
```

> ! [] (/ shared/beaglecomp.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](/shared/beaglecomp.png)
```

> ! [] (/ shared/beaglecomp.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
! [] (/shared/beaglecomp.png)
```

> ! [] (/ shared / beaglecomp.png)

Author: ```suggestion
! [] (/ shared/beaglecomp.png)
```
